---
title: Hey there!
author: Martin Wolf
layout: post
permalink: /2012/09/17/hey-there/
categories:
  - Articles
tags:
  - hello
  - new
  - start
  - thanks
  - theamazingweb.net
  - visuellegedanken.de
---
Hello Ladies and Gentleman,  
this is TheAmazingWeb.net. While I&#8217;m typing these words the site isn&#8217;t even finished. WordPress is set up and a few essential plugins are installed. The theme is ready in it&#8217;s basic functionality but nowhere near completion. But nevertheless I want the first entry to be my hello to you.

### So what is this all about?

As a lot of you know I wrote the blog [visuelleGedanken.de][1] since 2006. It started out as a private project during my holidays back in school and ever since it accompanied me. I drew stuff, I photographed stuff and I build stuff for the web. But it mainly was a photography blog and my private playground and it was a lot of fun and brought me to places I never had expected. In the last half year it transformed more and more into an english written web development blog but I never stopped loving photography so I posted about both. But one topic always fell short and it felt just wrong the longer I did it. So I decided it&#8217;s time to move forward and separate those both.  
From now on I will post about photography and more trivial private things on visuelleGedanken.de in German language.

This means I need a new home for all my web development stuff and this will be here on TheAmazingWeb.net. I want to blog a lot more about stuff that goes on on the web and give back to the community. Huge amounts of what I know related to web development I learned from people that gave back to the community online. And nearly every day I find answers to questions I have via Google. It&#8217;s just amazing and after mostly taking for so long I now want to start giving back more.

### What I want to do

I want to post about cool CSS stuff, tutorials, snippets, ideas and thoughts. I also want to interview more people like I already did with [Harry Roberts][2] and [Jonathan Snook][3]. And I want to point you to interesting and new stuff that happens around the web. Furthermore I want to take you with me on my journey building [QUOTE.fm][4] and growing as a Front End Engineer. There is still so much to learn and everyday there is something new.

These are the basic things I want to do here and from there on I think we&#8217;ll just see what happens and adjust when necessary. I think it&#8217;s important to just start and put this thing out there.

At the moment I don&#8217;t plan to implement comments but I hope you will send me as much feedback as possible via [e-mail][5], [Twitter @reply][6] or with an own blogpost. Looking forward to hearing from you. :)

I love the web and I think it&#8217;s just amazing. So let&#8217;s get going!

 [1]: http://visuellegedanken.de
 [2]: http://visuellegedanken.de/2012-05-22/interview-with-css-wizard-harry-roberts/
 [3]: http://visuellegedanken.de/2012-08-20/interview-with-jonathan-snook/
 [4]: http://quote.fm
 [5]: mailto:martin@theamazingweb.net
 [6]: http://twitter.com/_martinwolf